25 International organizations the
biggest Global conference there's been
to try and coordinate a humanitarian
response to the crisis in Gaza
excellencies the horor must stop it's
high time for a
ceasefire along with the unconditional
release of
hostages the US Secretary of State gave
the clearest indication yet that
Israel's prime minister has accepted
President Joe Biden's ceasefire plan
that's now backed by the United Nations
when I met prime minister Netanyahu uh
yesterday in Israel he reaffirmed his
support and his commitment to bringing
this proposal across the finish line
today as We Gather one and only one
thing stands in the way of this deal
happening and that's a us while Israel
presses on with its assault on Southern
Gaza the biggest complaint among
delegates here was not being able to get
Aid through land Crossings controlled by
Israel
it is necessary for Israel to end the
state of Siege and stop using the weapon
of starvation to punish the people of
the Gaza Strip and to remove all
obstacles to the immediate sustainable
and adequate access to humanitarian and
relief Aid to the Gaza Strip from all
Crossings Jordan's King also highlighted
increased Israeli settler attacks and
violations of Muslim and Christian holy
sites in the occupied West Bank and East
Jerusalem we must warn that without the
the action of everyone present today
West Bank tensions could escalate into a
larger conflict that will leave a far
more devastating impact on the
region one of the biggest obstacles to
getting Aid into Gaza has been the
failure to stop the fighting the
pressure has perhaps been never more
intense than it is now on Israel and
Hamas to agree to this unbacked
ceasefire proposal burnner Smith Al
jazer a
man make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer